# Getting Started

To start up the application, run the following command:

./gradlew bootRun

### Swagger

This project uses an autogenerated swagger page that can be found at:

http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui/index.html

### Decisions

We chose to use the publicly available github API library instead of implementing our own.

This allows us to easily retrieve information about repositories without having to build or manage the rest call ourselves.

It does come with complexity that could increase fragility, so we chose to wrap it so that it could be easily replaced with another option if necessary.

Adding a smoke test to ensure the application is running correctly and allows rapid testing without starting up the entire program.

Caching the results of the github API calls to reduce the number of calls made to the API.

Instead of encrypting a github user token (we have no environment) we use anonymous access as it suits our current scale.

### Architecture

The application is built using the Spring Boot framework and follows a model view controller architecture.

This was chosen to follow standard practices for Java Spring Boot application and facilitate future development.

This also allows for expansion of the application to include additional features and functionality as it grows without being overly complicated in its current state

We use Gradle as the build system, this allows the application could easily be built and hosted in any environment.

### Reference Documentation
For further reference, please consider the following sections:

* [Official Gradle documentation](https://docs.gradle.org)
* [Spring Boot Gradle Plugin Reference Guide](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/4.0.0/gradle-plugin)
* [Create an OCI image](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/4.0.0/gradle-plugin/packaging-oci-image.html)

### Additional Links
These additional references should also help you:

* [Gradle Build Scans – insights for your project's build](https://scans.gradle.com#gradle)